link to code pen
https://codepen.io/breleigh/pen/GRMgJaE?editors=1100

<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
A semantic element clearly describes its meaning to both the browser and the developer.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
To structure a website and its content

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
Provides addtional information about the element. You put it before the elment as in <a herf>
 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
h1 is used for the title of the page and should be used once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
herf and src

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
link to the css style sheet

    7. What is an id? 
specifies a unique id for an HTML element

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
all elements

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
once

    10. What is a class? 
an attribute which specifies one or more class names for an HTML element. 

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
all elements

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
as many times as needed

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
target:"_blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
for accessiblity and if the image does not load

    15. How do I reference an id?
by the id name

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
Section means that the content inside relates to a single theme, and div is used as a block part of the webpage.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
For styling a website

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
a class can be used mulitple times where as an id can only be used once.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
.className

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
.human{}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
When one element takes on the selectors of the parent element before it.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
.sidebar link{}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state, e.g. they are the first element of their type, or they are being hovered over by the mouse pointer.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
<br>

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
.toUppercase .toLowercase

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
border: 1px dotted solid black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
*{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/**/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
 rm -r
    34. Why should I use version control? 

    35. How often should I commit to github?
every 20 minutes or after resolving an issue

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
-Fork repo
-clone repo
-inside terminal cd into desktop -> project folder
-type git clone in terminal then add repo url
-cd in project
-git checkout -b branch-name 
-open project code .
-save and push project
-git add .
-git commint -m 'message'
-git push

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 